[Skyward] Chaos Offboarding (#1062)
aave-dao/aave-proposals-v3: src/20260410_Multi_OrderlyTransitionAndOffboardingPlanForChaosLabs/OrderlyTransitionAndOffboardingPlanForChaosLabs.md

As part of this transition, Chaos Labs will cancel its outstanding stream and transfer 30 days’ worth of stream funding from the Aave Treasury to Chaos Labs.

## Transition Timeline

The offboarding process will run for thirty days from the approval of this proposal.

During the transition window, we will dedicate resources to completing outstanding analyses, finalizing any in-progress deliverables, preparing handoff materials, and supporting an orderly wind-down of responsibilities.

## Continuity of Risk Management

The DAO is in a position to transition the majority of ongoing risk-management responsibilities without significant delay. LlamaRisk already exists a secondary risk provider, and has [stated](https://governance.aave.com/t/llamarisk-ensuring-continuity-of-aaves-risk-management/24397) they are fully ready and prepared to take on all risk management functionality. With the key rotation finalized at their [request](https://governance.aave.com/t/llamarisk-ensuring-continuity-of-aaves-risk-management/24397#p-62730-scope-we-will-absorb-4), they’ll be able to update parameters manually via the risk steward.

> In summary, the addresses associated with the current 2/2 multisig for manual Risk Steward purposes will be rotated from Chaos Labs and BGD to Aave Labs and LlamaRisk, as requested by both, to ensure operational continuity.

Reviewer: Maybe indicate that the multisig stay the same, signers are rotating, not the Risk steward council address.

At least I indicate here for reviewers
Signer references: https://governance.aave.com/t/arfc-manual-risk-agents-manual-agrs-migration/24311/6?u=nandy.eth

>   [Snapshot](TODO)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

snapshot: direct-to-AIP
---

## Summary

This proposal sets out a structured transition plan for Chaos Labs’ departure from its current role, with the objective of minimizing disruption to the DAO and maintaining continuity across key risk-management functions during the offboarding period.

In contrast to recent service provider departures, Aave has a secondary risk provider, which helps minimize the transition period and ensure a smooth continuation of operations.

As such, our intent is to complete this transition within 30 days. During that period, we will continue supporting the DAO in a clearly defined capacity, complete the handoff of ongoing responsibilities, and ensure that remaining operational dependencies are addressed in an orderly manner.

As part of this transition, Chaos Labs will cancel its outstanding stream and transfer the remaining stream funding corresponding to the 30-day transition period starting from the forum post date (April 8, 2026).

## Transition Timeline

The offboarding process will run for thirty days from the date of the forum post (April 8, 2026).

> During the transition window, we will dedicate resources to completing outstanding analyses, finalizing any in-progress deliverables, preparing handoff materials, and supporting an orderly wind-down of responsibilities. Plasma PT oracles will be turned off on June 18th.

Reviewer 2: > Plasma PT oracles will be turned off on June 18th 

as a separate operational action outside the AIP payload

Reviewer: It's an informative text. To explain why Plasma PT oracles are not added to this AIP

## Continuity of Risk Management

The DAO is in a position to transition the majority of ongoing risk-management responsibilities without significant delay. LlamaRisk already exists as a secondary risk provider, and has [stated](https://governance.aave.com/t/llamarisk-ensuring-continuity-of-aaves-risk-management/24397) they are fully ready and prepared to take on all risk management functionality. With the key rotation finalized at their [request](https://governance.aave.com/t/llamarisk-ensuring-continuity-of-aaves-risk-management/24397#p-62730-scope-we-will-absorb-4), they’ll be able to update parameters manually via the risk steward.

> In summary, the addresses associated with the current 2/2 multisig for manual Risk Steward purposes do not change, the signers will be rotated from Chaos Labs and BGD to Aave Labs and LlamaRisk, as requested by both, to ensure operational continuity.

Reviewer 2: Add "this will be handled separately outside of the AIP payload"

Reviewer: It's already indicated by the service provider in the forum discussion. Let’s not complicate lecture for no reason. We perform skyward; we are not here to update Chaos Labs’ text.

Parameter management for existing PT assets will be executed through LlamaRisk’s manual risk steward framework, similar to other parameters.

## Financial and Administrative Changes

Chaos Labs will immediately cancel its outstanding stream 100073. Stream 100015 is already being canceled due to a stream misconfiguration. We will refund the portion of AAVE tokens corresponding to the remaining stream duration.

In connection with this transition, the remaining portion of the 30-day stream period (calculated from the forum post date of April 8, 2026) will be transferred to Chaos Labs as the final compensation associated with the support and wind-down period described in this proposal. This is intended to align compensation with the defined transition window while avoiding a prolonged or ambiguous tail period.

## Conclusion

- support continues for one month in a transition capacity;
- all remaining outstanding work will then be brought to completion before departure;
- Supply Cap, Borrow Cap, Interest Rate Risk Oracles, and PT Risk Oracles for existing PTs will be shut down immediately;
- the outstanding stream will be canceled immediately;

> - 30 days' worth of revenue will serve as the final transition-period compensation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- the remaining portion of the 30-day transition period, calculated from April 8, 2026 until May 8, 2026, will serve as the final transition-period compensation.
```

We believe this framework gives the DAO sufficient continuity, predictability, and time to transfer responsibilities in an orderly manner.

## Specification

### Oracle deactivation and RISK_ADMIN revocation

This AIP will disable all the agents operating on the following V3 instances and revoke their RISK_ADMIN role from the respective ACL Manager(s):

- Arbitrum
- Avalanche
- Base
- BNB
- Ethereum (Core and Lido)
- Gnosis
- Linea
- Optimism
- Polygon

### Chainlink Automation robots cancellation

> The Chainlink Automation upkeeps registered under the AgentHub automation contract will be cancelled on each chain where agents are deployed. Once cancelled, the freed LINK balance can be withdrawn permissionlessly to the Aave Collector after the registry's cancellation delay (~50 blocks).

Reviewer 2: please confirm whether the following chains are the targets:
- Arbitrum
- Avalanche
- Base
- BNB
- Ethereum
- Optimism
- Polygon

Did I miss anything?

Reviewer: All instances having Chaos Labs agents are the target

### Stream cancellation and bulk payment

> The stream 100073 will be canceled (if not already done) and an amount equivalent to 30 days of said stream will be transferred from the collector to the following Chaos Labs operated wallet: [0xbC540e0729B732fb14afA240aA5A047aE9ba7dF0](https://etherscan.io/address/0xbC540e0729B732fb14afA240aA5A047aE9ba7dF0)

Reviewer 3: This sentence : https://github.com/aave-dao/aave-proposals-v3/pull/1062/changes#diff-27bc45f299950c0c4338373683c40c18afff4c49adcce23c9598b161aa2f35e1R76 I feel should be rather:  "an amount equivalent to the remaining transition period (from proposal execution to April 8 + 30 days) will be transferred."
which is btw. already mentioned here: https://github.com/aave-dao/aave-proposals-v3/pull/1062/changes#diff-27bc45f299950c0c4338373683c40c18afff4c49adcce23c9598b161aa2f35e1R42

Reviewer 4: The AIP process takes 5 days to complete, and Chaos Lab's stream should finish on the 7th May, 8th April + 30 days. We would be better off cancelling the stream and avoiding the need for Chaos Labs to send back any overpayment.

To be more precise, we can submit the AIP around the 2nd of May, disable the bot so it does not implement the proposal, and manually trigger execution to align with the correct timing for ending the stream.

Reviewer: @Matt-TokenLogic no, agents must be not used before Chaos stop to support them.
Plus we wait 2 weeks to have this PR reviewed and approved we will not loss additional time for no reason.
